[DOCS] Add Overview Section + Gentle Introduction (#8517)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-overview/index.rst

.. _gentle-intro:

============================
A Gentle Introduction to Ray
============================

.. include:: basics.rst

> This tutorial will provide a whirlwind tour of all that Ray has to offer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial will provide a tour of the core features of Ray.
```

> First, install Ray with: ``pip install ray``, now we can execute some Python in parallel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, install Ray with: ``pip install ray``, and now we can execute some Python in parallel.
```

Parallelizing Python Functions with Ray Tasks
=============================================

First, import ray and ``init`` the Ray service.
Then decorate your function with ``@ray.remote`` to declare that you want to run this function 

> remotely. Lastly, call that function with the ``.remote`` method call, this yields futures that you can then 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
remotely. Lastly, call that function with ``.remote()`` instead of calling it normally. This remote call yields a future, or ``ObjectID`` that you can then
```

> fetch with ``ray.get``.

Reviewer 2: links?

Author: I'm going to rewrite the core section next, would like to include this in a follow up PR.

.. code-block:: python

    import ray
    ray.init()

    @ray.remote
    def f(x):
        return x * x

    futures = [f.remote(i) for i in range(4)]
    print(ray.get(futures)) # [0, 1, 4, 9]

> In the above code block we defined some Ray Tasks. While these are great for stateless operations sometimes you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above code block we defined some Ray Tasks. While these are great for stateless operations, sometimes you
```

must maintain the state of your application. You can do that with Ray Actors.

> Parallelizing Python Functions with Ray Actors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parallelizing Python Classes with Ray Actors
```

==============================================

> Ray provides Actors to allow you to parallelize an instance of a class in Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ray provides actors to allow you to parallelize an instance of a class in Python.
```

> When you instantiate a class that is a Ray Actor, Ray will automatically distribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you instantiate a class that is a Ray actor, Ray will automatically distribute
```

> that actor onto the Ray cluster and manage that state on your behalf. All you as a 

Reviewer: Hmm, Ray doesn't manage the state on your behalf, you still have to write the code to do it

user need to do is call the class using the ``remote`` method call.

.. code-block:: python

    import ray

>     ray.init() # only call this one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ray.init() # Only call this once.
```

 
    @ray.remote
    class Counter(object):
        def __init__(self):
            self.n = 0

        def increment(self):
            self.n += 1

        def read(self):
            return self.n

    counters = [Counter.remote() for i in range(4)]
    [c.increment.remote() for c in counters]
    futures = [c.read.remote() for c in counters]
    print(ray.get(futures)) # [1, 1, 1, 1]

An Overview of the Ray Libraries
================================

> Ray has a vast ecosystem of libraries and frameworks built on top of it. The main ones being:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ray has a rich ecosystem of libraries and frameworks built on top of it. The main ones being:
```
It's definitely not "vast" yet :)

- :ref:`tune-index`
- :ref:`rllib-index`
- :ref:`sgd-index`
- :ref:`rayserve`

> Tune Quick Start

Reviewer: Should these quick starts be factored out and used in the same place in the respective library docs and here?

Author: Yes, would like to do this in a follow up PR.

----------------

`Tune`_ is a library for hyperparameter tuning at any scale. With Tune, you can launch a multi-node distributed hyperparameter sweep in less than 10 lines of code. Tune supports any deep learning framework, including PyTorch, TensorFlow, and Keras.

.. note::

    To run this example, you will need to install the following:

    .. code-block:: bash

>         $ pip install ray torch torchvision filelock

Reviewer: Can't you do ray[tune]?

Author: I didn't add these, would like to address in a follow PR.

.. code-block:: bash

  pip install tensorflow  # or tensorflow-gpu
  pip install ray[rllib]  # also recommended: ray[debug]

.. code-block:: python

    import gym
    from gym.spaces import Discrete, Box
    from ray import tune

    class SimpleCorridor(gym.Env):
        def __init__(self, config):
            self.end_pos = config["corridor_length"]
            self.cur_pos = 0
            self.action_space = Discrete(2)
            self.observation_space = Box(0.0, self.end_pos, shape=(1, ))

        def reset(self):
            self.cur_pos = 0
            return [self.cur_pos]

        def step(self, action):
            if action == 0 and self.cur_pos > 0:
                self.cur_pos -= 1
            elif action == 1:
                self.cur_pos += 1
            done = self.cur_pos >= self.end_pos
            return [self.cur_pos], 1 if done else 0, done, {}

    tune.run(
        "PPO",
        config={
            "env": SimpleCorridor,
            "num_workers": 4,
            "env_config": {"corridor_length": 5}})

.. _`RLlib`: rllib.html

> 

Reviewer: Add serve quick start?

Author: I didn't add these, would like to address in a follow PR.
